
F:\Projects\OpenSource\Kipon.Dynamics.Plugin\Kipon.Solid.Plugin>ï»¿@echo off 

F:\Projects\OpenSource\Kipon.Dynamics.Plugin\Kipon.Solid.Plugin>call "..\Kipon.Xrm.Cmd\Bin\Debug\Kipon.Xrm.Cmd.exe" "deploy" "bin\debug\Kipon.Solid.Plugin.dll" "/solution:Democust" debug 
Kipon.Xrm.Cmd 1.0.4.8
Attach debugger to cmd.exe now, and press enter
Starting deployment tool...
Kipon.Xrm.Tools, plugin deployment found 14 plugins, virtual entityplugins: 1 in Kipon.Solid.Plugin, Version=1.0.4.8, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=27b30d84cc147a83
Found 7 entities.
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
kipon_AccountCountContacts => account
kipon_Anunboundedaction => none
msdyn_GDPROptoutContact => contact
msdyn_GDPROptoutLead => lead
msdyn_GDPROptoutUser => systemuser
msdyn_GetACIMarsConnectorStatus => none
msdyn_GetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_GetRIProvisioningStatus => none
msdyn_GetRITenantEndpoint => none
msdyn_GetSIPackageStatus => none
msdyn_RetrieveKPIvaluesfromDCI => none
msdyn_RetrieveTypeValuesFromDCI => none
msdyn_SetFeatureStatus => none
msdyn_SetLegalAcceptanceStatus => none
msdyn_StartRIProvisioning => none
msdyn_Updatefeatureconfig => none
msdyn_UpdateRITenantInfo => none
new_Kiponunboundtest => none
Terminate batch job (Y/N)? 